hey i'm not jeff but this is an ad read
for hellofresh america's number one meal
kit a service that i love i recently
made the chicken parm salad it was
delicious and that's just one of over 50
menu and market items hello fresh offers
every week making meal time easier and
cozier than ever get up to 14 free meals
plus three free gifts with code face 14
at hellofresh.com
face 14. go to hellofresh.com face 14
and use code phase 14 to get 14 3 meals
plus 3 free gifts thank you so much have
a great day
[Music]
i would love to see if the if a tortilla
in canada tastes similar to a tortilla
in texas
or they if they are the exact same thing
or two wildly different things like when
gavin and i had mexican food in norway
i don't even know how to describe it
wasn't that the netherlands yeah i'm
sorry the netherlands there's the
netherlands there's umbrella
i don't think i've been to norway
yeah it was i don't think i have either
actually but if i do go it's gonna be
with you and it's gonna be to eat
mexican food
what are we gonna do a whole series
about bad mexican food called mexican
yeah where we travel
[Laughter]
we were gonna call it mexican or the
worst mexican restaurants on earth yeah
that would be up there that would be uh
well it's definitely my top three worst
mexican food it's just
a lot of [__] which is the show i
feel like the core of that show is just
a show it's a lot of jeff [__]
and unfortunate wise
yeah
we i got a burrito at that place because
it's like you gotta like what's safer
than a burrito not much right uh and
they had chickpeas in it i remember that
i was very confused by that and i want
to say
it is a burrito with chickpeas which
don't exist in burrito form ever and i
want to say it had celery as well it was
[__] bizarre you think a burrito is
safer than a quesadilla no i would say
the quesadilla is safer i would say the
quesadilla is the safest mexican food i
would say quesadilla is safer but i
don't think it's as universally uh
available
really on the menu
yeah i don't think that was i don't
think they've ever heard of a quesadilla
in the netherlands no i don't think so
huh
that's interesting have you ever
wondered like what what is the best
restaurant that a different country has
of a different country's cuisine like oh
what's the best italian restaurant in
china um right right or like
like how
the indian food in london is so [__]
good in my experience
really yeah what would be the very best
of the yeah or like the thai food in
australia oh my god so good there i
remember anthony bourdain said that like
the worst place to get a place's staple
food is that place
like the philadelphia is the worst place
to get a cheesesteak like it's just
shitty like the they're surrounding
areas that are way better type deal i
don't know italian food in italy is
pretty damn great yeah i feel like
that's a tough one i'm not i'm not i'm
gonna i'm gonna i'm comfortable taking
on the philly cheese steak i'm not gonna
take on italian food as a whole
in italy that's too big i don't know man
the best philly cheesesteaks i've ever
had have definitely come from philly
where have you gotten philly
cheesesteaks from outside of philly is
this something you've explored quiznos i
mean i'm i'm 46 so probably like
only a hundred thousand times throughout
my life i would say a philly
cheesesteak's been more of a staple to
my life uh than a quesadilla really
oh i would not disagree i don't think
i've ever had a philly cheesesteak i've
had a lot of quesadillas i like that you
disagreed with jeff's own experience
yeah i did
well no he said i thought he was making
a general opinion on like what is more
what is wider i thought he was talking
about his actual life whether
where the uh philly cheesesteak was the
biggest staple you're like i disagree i
disagree
well there are sometimes you know things
and you don't even know you know them
that's the thing that's happened
recently i don't know if we want to go
into that story i had
gavin and i were talking about a thing
and i knew a piece of information that i
didn't know that i knew and i
accidentally said the thing i really had
the most bizarrely circular conversation
that ended up with us just like leaving
the party chat and uh
separate ways
real quick hello and welcome to another
episode of the face podcast
my name is jeff ramsey with me as always
uh andrew panton and gavin free in that
order uh take it away circular
conversations we were well why don't we
let's open this with the same
conversation we started with gavin i
don't know if you've had this talk have
you had this talk with jeff have you
asked him this piece of trivia well no
if it's not on camera he hasn't but you
have to go back a little bit further
than that because you just randomly
asked me do you have any movie
recommendations
okay
so i thought well you've seen a lot of
you've seen a lot of stuff so i thought
what is something like what's the movie
that i like that maybe not a lot of
people i know have seen and i came up
with a fish called wanda which i haven't
movie haven't seen good movie
good sequel heavenly creatures as well
fierce creatures the the uh fierce
creatures yeah that got us onto the
conversation of the man the legend uh
kevin klein
i was saying like i don't i what was my
point i think it was like i don't see
him in anything anymore like i
yeah i don't feel like i just see him in
things and i'm sure he's in a lot yeah
he i feel like he
he's known for just turning down so much
stuff oh really but i think that i think
i mean the most recent stuff he's in his
um he's mr fischoeder in bob's burgers
yes um which is current
but then i was telling andrew about this
weird piece of trivia that i once read
but i actually misquoted but you know
it's along the same lines in that okay
what i said to andrew was that he is one
of the few actors who has played
two different roles in the same movie
where one at one point in the movie one
character has to impersonate the other
did that connect with you jeff because i
i was very confused by this originally i
didn't understand the piece of trivia he
he's playing two different characters in
a movie and one of the characters has to
impersonate the other character that
he's impersonating
yeah i was pulling from
uh wild wild west where he plays you
know the guy and then he also plays the
president and then at some point his
character impersonates the president and
then i was also thinking of fierce
creatures where he plays
the australian billionaire rod mccain
and also he plays his son vince mccain
and at one point in the movie he vince
mccain has to pretend to be rod mccain
so i was like how many times has this
guy done this but that wasn't even the
interesting part of the trivia that was
wrong
he is one of the few actors who has
played a character and the president
where
the other character impersonates the
president in two different movies so i
was just thinking it was those two
movies but it was actually specifically
the president because in a movie called
dave yeah he was in dave he also played
himself and the president and then
impersonate the president so i was just
like how many times has this guy played
two characters where one character in
person is the other it's like a really
specific thing who else has done that
it's a very special skill he has
it is a weird thing to be known for so i
pondered for a little bit and i was
thinking about it and then i told gavin
peter stormeir did it in a movie called
splice play two characters one of those
characters pretended to be another
character gavin was impressed by this
because i don't think he had ever heard
anyone reply with an actual answer to it
to which i then revealed that i made all
of that up because peter stormair
has a career that you can't really fully
track splice is just a movie that i like
i didn't think gavin would have seen
that was also kind of obscure i just
lied about it i made up this fact and i
was living because i was i was listening
to him go on about this movie for you
know a few minutes while we're playing
halo and i was like oh interest you know
i'm thinking like maybe i want to check
that out and then eventually just like
yeah i was just lying
i just made it up i couldn't think of
i couldn't think of one and it was a
whole it was whole issue so then do we
jump forward now to
later completely different conversation
probably over an hour later an hour had
passed i was talking about how in last
week's podcast i flubbed uh my chris
where i said chris rock instead of chris
tucker and then we were talking and then
you were talking to me about chris rock
movies no i was talking to you about
jackie we were ranking jackie chan
sidekicks well that was the conversation
yes who is like the greatest jackie chan
sidekick of all time i feel like chris
tucker probably but he's had some great
sidekicks too then i then started
talking i started talking about a movie
called bad company uh which i was like
ah that kind of feels like it should
have been a jackie chan movie china are
you familiar with bad company jeff i
don't think so it is an early bill
2000's chris rock action comedy with
chris rock and anthony hopkins where
chris rock plays a secret agent who is
deep undercover dies
and then they recruit his twin brother
who is completely unrelated like doesn't
he's kind of like a street hustler in my
memory could be wrong but he's not like
a trained agent to then take over the
role of his brother who is undercover so
they can continue their operation
i said all of this he was telling me
this and i was like wait so you're
saying
chris rock plays two characters and then
one character impersonates the other and
i i had accidentally given the answer to
the piece of trivia i had an answer i
just didn't know i had it i knew it but
i didn't know i knew it and that took us
to the to the next stage of this we
thought that was pretty that was pretty
funny accidental full circle i look up
the movie bad company on imdb
third build actor peter stormair
chances
that he accidentally provides the answer
to the question and in his answer is the
same [__] answer from before it was
we were just like this is just too
creepy it's gonna it's gone around
and with all the halo in between it just
felt mental we just had to like come
offline
be like what the hell what just happened
that's that kind of thing happens way
too many [__] times to be coincidence
that's really weird it was weird and it
has been a problem where ever since i
have lied about peter stormeir peter
stormer is following me everything i
want turns out uh he's in the tuxedo
that's the thing he's in he's in that as
well i was playing fast and furious last
night the video game the most recent
video game that came out [__] peter
stormair is the main villain he's just
in it he's just showing up left and
right my life now i can't avoid peter
snore mayor since i made a random fake
fact about he's following me hey you
know what i have one oh what's yours
okay uh why did you say it like that no
no
no no you're excited no no no no no that
was like that was like
like what's yours because i eventually
came up with one no that was enthusiasm
wait who went uh
gavin did you get andrew you seemed very
enthusiastic okay i'm sorry i
misunderstood i thought you
misunderstood yeah no no it's very no
you wouldn't go for it it gave me that
it's just clear
i think it's just like
i opened my i opened my mouth and gavin
goes
they were unrelated they weren't really
advised it's like you're like my first
two wives buddy okay
here we go
in the movie beer fest okay the guy that
plays landfill dot he has i believe he
dies by drinking a vat of beer to save
all their lives or something uh-huh and
then so that guy he's the farva from
starship trooper or not start from super
cheaters uh starship troopers super
troopers would be a great matchup by the
way i'd love to see yeah
starship super whatever it is uh anyway
that guy landfill he [__] dies i
think by drinking a like a vat of beer
and then his cousin shows up gill who
happens to look exactly like him for the
funeral and then says i'd like to join
your group and for the rest of the movie
in his honor will you just call me
landfill and they're like absolutely so
he he plays a character who dies whose
identical twin cousin shows up and plays
him
also in twin peaks i'm pretty sure
cheryl lee
plays herself at 35 different [__]
ways including impersonating was that it
was the cousin maddie or something plays
laura pogba at some point maddie palmer
yeah so cheryl lee plays laura palmer
then she plays maddie palmer her cousin
who shows up who then impersonates laura
palmer to help try to solve the mystery
if you killed laura palmer so it's been
done a lot yeah yeah
parent trap yeah there's a lot of
there's a lot of times it's been done
but i i don't think anyone else has done
it twice and also the president
it's one of my favorite things now to
just text gavin random movies in which
it occurs because he said it like i
don't think it has ever happened a
single time outside of this like never
mind twice
it's never happened once ocean's 12 was
mine last night julia roberts character
in ocean's 12 then also julia roberts
the celebrity exists and part of the
movie is julia roberts the character
impersonating julia roberts the actor
how would that how does that even work
because surely her entire life she must
have thought damn i look like oh my god
dude
i just watched a movie i just watched a
movie that is the whole [__] this is
the whole point of it have you guys seen
the princess switch with vanessa hudgins
on netflix
i was watching christmas movies i
watched the
i was watching the princess switch not
the best movie in the world but the
whole point of it is she's like a baker
from chicago who goes to this fake ass
country to fill in a baking competition
meets a princess who nobody's ever seen
they look exactly alike each other
so they switch places so the princess
can for some reason live in the normal
world but then they have to impersonate
each other again and then there's a
sequel where they have to re-impersonate
each other and then another one where
there's a [__] cousin that shows up
and there's three of them that are all
impersonating each other
this might be the most overused plot
device in the history of plot devices it
sounds like it i don't this doesn't seem
like this is just a thing that occurs
and not like an actual piece of trivia
it's like
it's like here's the trivia fact it
rained here can you name another place
in which it has rained i don't know if
you can come up with it like it's just
yeah
i will say jeff if you're looking for
another princess movie princess
protection program great movie great
princess movie oh what's that on great
uh it's disney plus it's a disney
original channel cousin greg is in it a
teenage cousin greg from succession very
good oh my god dude cuz
cousin greg has been phenomenal this
season on succession uh by the way
speaking of movies you know i don't
watch them uh but i did recently uh i
fell off my don't watch in movies uh
horse and i watched one and it was
really [__] good what do you want to
say
i watched home sweet see there you go
[Laughter]
i watched i watched home sweet home
alone with uh ellie kemper and rob
delaney it was really [__] good yeah
the the home alone sequel interest or
reboot whatever you want to call it
what's great it's a new home alone you
didn't know that there's a new home
alone no yeah it's on it's on disney
plus i was a little little british kid
gavin
storm air in it
no he's not
pete 2007 he would have been peter
stormer isn't in it but uh pete holmes
is who is a in every way a lesser
version of that other man
do you like it because i feel like
literally every other opinion i've heard
about that movie is it's the worst film
that's ever been made that's ridiculous
it's not i mean
you're never going to touch the first
two but it was it was good it was
heartfelt it was funny there was some
legitimately
not as funny as the first keenan
thompson's okay in it he's uh he he
plays like a real estate agent chris
i wish he i wish he was in it more chris
parnell barely in it keenan thompson's
in a little bit more i wish to god
because keenan's such a funny dude i
wish they would have used him more but
still it's good man so is it in the same
universe as like is it something related
to kevin mcallister yes it is in the
kevin mcallister universe really i don't
want to spoil i don't want to spoil
cameos and stuff but there are there are
definite overt cameos that make sense in
the context of the film and there are
characters that appear i'm going to
watch this movie i am also going to
watch this maybe next time we'll have
opinions homeland one and two great
movies fantastic movies fantastic movies
great movies i'm i'm excited to hear
that this is in the mcalester universe
because in the trailer the mcu and the
[Laughter]
um
it looked like they took a bunch of the
gags from the first and like a few of
the other movies and just put them all
into one thing so i'm happy that it's
it's a continuation in some way i think
there's also another home alone coming
out with ryan reynolds at some point oh
really they announced that but it's like
an adult like stuck at home in high but
dealing with robbers but i could be
misremembering that that could have been
a fever dream i'll say this they did
something very smart in the movie um and
i don't think it's spoiling too much but
uh the the s the i don't think the kid
like it's hard to find another mccully
culkin right like he was a
he was perfect for that role absolutely
and
i really hard for anybody to to live up
to to that role and so they make it it's
less focused on the kid and more a
little bit more focused on the the
people breaking in
uh to the house and i think that was a
very smart choice
i like it i will check that out we're to
watch another movie as well your movie
streak is far from done
i cannot wait for us to record our
tuxedo watch which
at some point will happen
hopefully soon very excited we're going
to put it up right yeah no absolutely oh
i'm back gavin was gone you were gone i
was my thing freaked out for a second
were you talking about tuxedo
yes i'm saying that we're gonna do a
thing for it i'm excited for it adding
to jeff's movie list well henry's
henry got a new football and he loves it
speaking of stuff we're gonna do
people loving the uh next time on face
from
minor league fan jack yeah
oh did a great job i ran into him today
at work uh did congratulated him it did
a really good job i think we should do
it every week okay sure we can do it
we'll see how let's see how long that
lasts
it'll be until we stop being one ahead
that yeah it'll go on the pile of
forgotten comedy like uh the smashing
sportsman and ping pong balls and who
knows whatever [__] baskets no i did
the baskets that's part of the
redemption here how dare you i throw
that in as an unsolved or unresolved
issue of our people what's your
potential uh redemption year redo andrew
that you mentioned i heard i heard about
the jacks so i i was aware that the jack
thing had happened i'd seen some
comments about it or at least i thought
i did
and so i was like oh i'll listen to it
so i assumed it would be and we've had
several talks about this there's no
excuse to this but i didn't know where
it was i assumed it would be at the
start of the episode so i listened to
the beginning of the episode and as it's
this is known i don't listen to our show
because i hate myself too much to do so
anything i listen to our show while
we're making it
no yeah it's true it's true
i i so i watched the beginning of it or
listened to it and uh it's not there so
i'm like okay i'll comb to the end go to
the end of it it's not there as well i
don't know where it is it's definitely
in there somewhere but on top of that i
didn't know we had outro music that blew
my mind that was genuinely shocking last
night to hear outro music come in i was
surprised i learned last night that this
show has outdoor music same as the intro
music but it's there didn't know it was
there
we've done this at one time yeah i was
trying to figure out what episode it was
this is 81 we're recording what yeah it
took 81 times for me to realize that
there's an outro we do an outro song and
we fade out
and then i guess it's a gag sometimes
it's great this is a good job on the
edit nick's a great editor he's he's
created
and sometimes like the outro music will
stop in the middle if for some reason
don't end it or just continue i think
that's maybe what happened in that
episode which is why i missed the jack
thing is that correct that like it
looked like we're gonna end and it goes
to the jack and then we continue beyond
the jack nick wanted to put the jack
thing at the moment where we discussed
it this time okay and then going forward
it'll be at the end i think okay well
i'll find the jack at some point i'm
excited a few minutes for now it's an
hour it's an hour and seven minutes in i
think okay well thank you that that
results
awesome have we explained what we're
talking about at any point during this
conversation uh well we're just assuming
that they've yeah we're assuming that
everyone who's listened to this has
listened to that one as well we should
recap it for us every week we're gonna
try and get jack to read the discord
chat that we that happens while we
record and then we put that
we we have jack figure out what we
talked about and then put that recording
of jack explaining it on the previous
episode at the end that's a little
teaser can i do some more more cleanup
work right here like just just call
something out because i don't feel like
i feel like we missed doing this uh last
time and i don't know if this will be
jeff are you gonna post your your apple
apple van video is that gonna go up
anywhere oh did we not post that i don't
know i don't think that episode's out
yet that absolutely oh that episode
hasn't come out yet yeah yeah yeah no
for sure
yeah it'll be it'll be on i'll i'll i'll
have it put up on the instagram okay is
that you the app by apple video you mean
me uh are you excitedly taking a photo
of an apple van i've been here ever
since yeah yeah after the last like five
days i've been walking around my place
just going apples
i'm gonna text my friends
it just makes me laugh it's a great it's
one of the funniest videos i've seen in
a long time i meant to bring it up at
the time where people could see it we
didn't do that we just brushed past it
so if we're calling things out from the
past explaining things go to the
instagram to see that great video yeah
see the uh me it was right after my
colonoscopy uh i have zero memory of
this
uh it's a pretty short video about a
minute long uh
so while we're cleaning stuff up i have
a couple things i wanted to go over the
real brief but while we're cleaning
stuff up and because it's probably still
december uh at this point i feel like we
need to mention there is a plethora of
face related merchandise that you can
buy that is the perfect stocking stuffer
or a gag gift or sincere gift or [__]
you gift i don't really care what you do
with it but uh just get go get it just
in time for january as eric says yeah uh
do you do this every year
i'm talking to you regularly regulation
listener i'm talking to you comment
leaver you do this every year you wait
till the last second and then you try to
buy a gift and you buy it today on a
website and then they tell you that it
doesn't ship till [__] march so now
you're like i guess i'm sending i guess
i'm getting my girlfriend a picture of
this thing for christmas because i'm not
gonna have it till march oh also i can't
[__] cancel the order for some reason
because they're like [__] you buddy the
option to do that's the cancel button
stuck on a [__] boat from china too
suck my dick so i can't [__] cancel
it so i guess in march my girlfriend's
gonna get a christmas cat anyway don't
be like me or be like you buy it now 11
and a half months early you'll be ready
for next year that sounds like thank me
later it does it can be later yeah it's
sort of the op exactly what it is right
because i would you'd buy the christmas
gift now
and i'd send it to you in august i think
it's how the emulator would work
you can't schedule the dates
how's that different to getting it in
march what do you what are you saying oh
well i think i think taking me later you
don't know when you're getting it right
yeah exactly there's no there's no
control to it it's a surprise sorry i
was not listening i was doing my role i
was i was thinking about jack in the
podcast
just
you must be your ears are shut for like
50 percent of every podcast no dude this
is honestly what happened that's not
true i listen to way more i'd say
you're gonna [__] talk about not
listening and interrupt me in the middle
of me talking you're gonna be like you
don't listen 90 of the time and just
start talking over me in the middle of
me talking that's what you're gonna do
you're gonna hold this position
i was explaining why i wasn't listening
well you just decided that it wasn't
worth listening to and started talking
over me
trying to sneak in
there's no sneaking it in i'm talking
loudly there's no sneaking all right go
ahead no you go ahead you have the floor
it's very important what you need to say
go ahead
well i was good no you do it no you go
you go the floor is yours i've stepped
out of the way continue
i'll just be silent the whole show
no no
i wouldn't do that because i need to
talk about a thing i'm gonna you know
what i'm gonna take the floor gavin the
reason why i wasn't listening because we
just talked about the apple van i have a
cosmic crisp on my desk i haven't eaten
it yet haven't tried it yet i have hello
for like five days it has been so hard
not to eat any of these delicious apples
it's been in my mind constantly i'm just
staring at it
i'm excited to try this are you going to
have it today or are you going to wait
361 more days no i'm going to have it oh
i have a whole bag of them gavin so i'm
going to save one in the fridge because
we're going to do the year thing yeah do
we uh gav do you have any cosmic crisps
right now no
i don't either i need to get one we'll
put them in put one on my desk at work
if you didn't glue it to something
are we recording next week like normal
is everybody in town recording like
normal i will be rap i'll be back let's
let's let's put our apples in next next
in the fridge next week we will okay but
andrew i want you but we'll put our
apples in that like the fridge year will
begin next week
andrew i want to hear you eat this thing
i don't want to hear it i was reading uh
some comments today from from uh not
regulation listeners obviously comment
leavers uh who were mentioning how much
they love it when we eat on camera so uh
however i think we should end on it like
a big thing uh
what so what
oh i've done it again
[Music]
that was your fault you said
you said you want me to do it
and you wanted to be allowed
so i took a big bite into the microphone
this is a delicious apple
eric has a problem with what just
happened eric i was just a great apple i
don't understand you're i i want i want
you to be able to review the apple and
everything i don't understand whose
fault is this oh it's just fall because
he said i want you to his exact words
were i want you to eat the apple and i
want it to be loud so i immediately
accommodated his request hey did you
guys hear that at all when he took a
bite
did you guys hear a bite did you guys
hear a bite or were you just surprised
when he wasn't chewing
his back okay cool just make it sure
thank you
what people said about us eating on mike
they love it more more please
somebody was like i swear to god every
time i tune into an rt podcast no matter
what it is somebody's eating and it's
driving and they hated it and i just
thought that was funny talking about
food a lot this is a tart wait well
listen we're talking one of the things i
wanted to do was talk about a little bit
more food but right now i i really think
andrew should just go this is a tart
apple this is a tart apple this is a
pretty apple this is a big apple
very crisp
not chewy
sweet
this is a very good apple how juicy is
it uh i wouldn't i i wouldn't say it's
too juicy it's like i'd say it's pretty
average on on the juice scale was it
juice was your guys's apple juicy yeah i
choose still over my shorts
yeah i was surprised at how juicy it was
i thought that was one of the defining
characteristics of it was was the juice
mine wasn't mine's not very juicy it was
very it's crisp there's a crispness to
it it bit really well
it wasn't chewy i hate a chewy apple i
hate it as well it bit well there's a
bite test too there's a bite feel the
apples gavin it bit well it broke away
from the core
in a way that was satisfying and not
mushy you hate a mushy app i personally
like [__] can't stand a mushy app
what's your sticker look like what's
your code um
my
you didn't eat the sticker did you no
um
okay well we can review the apple at the
end of the show
you in the wrong what are you doing what
happened
you ate the wrong apple uh it's a i'm
eating a pink lady apparently what the
[__]
what is
wait no i have a cousin chris i must i
put there must have been a pink lady
amongst the pile of the crisps and i it
was in the bag what's up
there was a i do have a cosmic crisp
though that i haven't been into we can
make that be the finale like you said
jeff everything that was an apple
switcheroo it was i i
hey now we know
now we know a couple of things right for
we know we got the pink lady review
we know pink lady is among andrew's
favorite apples because it was even in
the house yep he's revealed two of his
favorites
yeah and we can have it as a baseline to
compare uh his reaction to the cosmic
crisp
and by the way i'm glad it wasn't a
cosmic crisp because i was [__]
confused when you said it wasn't juicy
because that felt like a very different
apple than what we had i am stunned
right now how did you do you saw what
the cosmic crisp look like they look
similar i just i went in i grabbed a bag
of apples from my fridge and there's a
pink lady i don't know how many i need
to check
are you saying that was f all of your
apples are mixed together or did you
accidentally buy a pink lady amongst the
cosmos no no no no no no i think i
accidentally bought a pink lady amongst
the cosmic crisps
i think there must have been a pink i'd
somehow grabbed the pink lady it must
have sounds like you stole a pink lady
or i paid or you paid cosmic crispy yeah
i think i paid cosmic chris pricing for
it for a pink lady gonna mess up this
stuff how do i take a photo that now
they're apple stocks off by one yeah
you're
how did that happen
i'm still blown away that you were
eating a different
also thank god we asked about the
sticker otherwise that we'd never know
you'd be living alive for the rest of
your life imagine if he was eating the
hundred percent cocoa oh so sorry i was
eating ice cream
i didn't
we would have eventually learned when i
flipped the apple i just bit into the
apple on the opposite of the sticker
side
you just are so keen to start eating
before we're ready that you didn't even
look at the apple so see that's i ate
that half of the apple and i flipped it
over
and it's just pink later oh yeah 41.30
what the [__]
gavin it would be like if we found out
all these years that he's hated bananas
he was eating lemons and he's like what
they're both yellow
they're essentially the same thing
if we didn't make the joke about which
like batch number he had
he went that's rough
he would have just had a plan
i eventually when i flipped the apple i
think i would have noticed but it's just
when would i have flipped the apple
eric's commenting about my large bites i
was trying to make noise i wanted noise
for the jeff wanted it loud i was trying
to make the loudest crunch i could make
i did well you
you made something all right jesus okay
so well yeah i will have the cosmic
crisp later i guess it's the finale like
jeff wants we'll just do it jeff
we'll eat the other one later it's fine
oh
christ
oh my god
oh god
[Applause]
hey thank you so much for listening to
the show i hope you're enjoying this
episode i do have to take a moment
though to talk about one of our great
sponsors hellofresh america's number one
meal kit the holidays can be hectic but
hellofresh helps keep things simple with
recipes that cut back on meal prep and
clean up so you can spend less time in
the kitchen and more quality time with
friends and family hellofresh offers 50
menu and market items to choose from
every week including vegetarian calorie
smart and gourmet options providing
plenty of variety save on average over
65 dollars per month when you order hell
fresh instead of grocery shopping that's
more money to spend on presents and
activities which is wonderful that's a
great thing another thing it saves you
on that i think is so valuable
especially this time of year is time
just the convenience of knowing i
already have my meals picked up they're
going to show up in this awesome box i'm
going to get
make some food that is both delicious
and incredibly easy to put together is
so exciting
especially this time of year where it's
just tough to find that time and there's
just so many great recipes to pick from
like i personally really enjoy the
chicken parm salad the peppercorn steak
is another favorite of mine but it's
really hard to go wrong with any of the
choices you could possibly make it's so
quick and easy go to hellofresh.com
face 14 and use code face 14 for up to
14 free meals and 3 free gifts once
again if you would like 14 free meals
plus 3 free gifts use code face 14 at
hellofresh.com
face 14.
can i tell you guys a short story that
wasn't allowed to be funny until now and
now i'm allowed to laugh at it okay of
course yeah
wednesday night last week right like
night before thanksgiving uh
the girlfriend and i go to the storage
facility
to get um christmas decorations and
stuff you know uh of which there is an
entire storage facility full of my
girlfriend is very [__] festive uh
and i mean that in a good way that sound
i feel realize that sounded biting but
that's not how i mean
and she also listens and i love i love
it i'm eating i'm eating my burnt
pop-tart off of a christmas plate right
now and i'm
joyous to be doing so uh anyway so we go
and we load up uh these the two carts
full of like tupperware's full of
[__] you know like rubbermaid bins
full of ornaments and [__] and i'm i
push out the elevator go out to sliding
like the opening you know double open
doors and i'm putting stuff in the trunk
of the car
and i uh
i realized she's not behind me and i
turn around and she's still not behind
me and i think that's weird we were in
the elevator together
so i run back inside and she's just like
standing in the middle of the elevator
half out with like the cart half in and
a half out bent over and the doors just
keep like hitting the [__] cart and
her a little bit and she's just like i
thought she was
confused or nauseous or like maybe she'd
thrown up or like i don't know what was
going on
and but her body language is not good
so i run over there and i'm like dude
what's up what's going on what's wrong
and she goes uh
uh i don't know what to do and i'm like
oh [__] what did her eyeball pop out or
like jesus this sounds bad like is she
having palpitations and she's like i
don't know i don't know how it happened
i don't i don't know what to do
uh
and she's like panicking and i'm like
well what happened and she goes my keys
were on the on the rubbermaid
and
and when i when i when i was pushing out
the the door clipped it and they fell
and i think they fell down the elevator
shaft and i'm like that's impossible and
so we move out and we look and sure
enough
she dropped her car and house and
everything keys
off that rubber main they went straight
down the elevator into the abyss
at
10 30 at night the night before
thanksgiving and is this one of those
storage facilities where there's no
staff
well there's certainly no staff there at
10 o'clock at night and there's
certainly not going to be a staff there
during the holidays
uh yeah it was dead ass empty so uh we
were able to get in her car with the i
hadn't opened the back door yeah we were
able to get in her car with her phone
you know she could like unlock the car
with her phone and then she had to like
we had like uber home get my car
or come back and finish or get extra
keys come back
but
she didn't get her [__] car keys back
until like sunday
they had to like go in and like
perform a procedure at the elevator to
[__] block it off with two people had
to wait for a dude to come in on sunday
to do it just she got her [__] case
back and i guess they had been sitting
in water the entire time they were
really fun
i have been holding in a laugh
since that moment
watching the [__] i
it's been
the hardest i have been such a
supportive guy such a supportive
boyfriend i haven't made a joke or
laughed about it or even snickered or
it's
just been very conciliatory very calm
and understanding this did not go well
she was not happy but oh my god is it
funny that's incredible that's my
that's my little story why don't they
have a nice little catchment trough
that's directly under the doors
that just mails it out to you
i know because i feel like i've i know
so many people have dropped stuff
straight down between the the floors
well that's what i was telling her i was
like i bet this happens all the time
like they probably are like jump into
action because they're like that happens
twice a week your your brain went
catchment troughed mine went long sticks
with magnets on them that's what i want
just magnet up that's just like fun you
got to shove it
you don't want the people to have to do
work
no
it's fun it's not fun it's it's as fun
when it's work i've said that the
opposite of what i wanted to say when
it's fun
it isn't work that's just a game and you
can maybe get somebody else's stuff you
don't know what's down there i don't
know i feel like i'd feel iffy like
pissing about between
you know the the flaws like what if the
lift drops and resident evils you or
something no
or mission impossible one well maybe hmm
yeah you throw a camera
yeah that was on the top like the
reverse of a mission impossible i guess
i guess not
what's one so mission impossible is one
where somebody gets killed at the top of
an elevator what i think the
like catchment breaks
uh go through his face
as he's looking up at them yes they do
it's crazy that's a death at the top
what is the death at the bottom can you
think of a move or somebody i just i
feel like it's harder to think of being
crushed by an elevator than it is i've
seen some youtube videos but i can't
talk about
movies what do you mean by that like
you've seen it happen in real life on
youtube yeah yeah oh that's like
terrible
oh no i'm not i'm yeah no but people
getting squashed like a yeah
well like a drunk person like uh opening
up the door and there's nothing there
and they just fall through
it happens in oz
but i can't think of a movie where it
happens
i can't think of a singer and it must
have
it must have happened i can think of
scenes where like people have fallen
with the elevator but never below the
elevator oh here we go uh the guy falls
down and out okay let's look at the
let's open this link up because i
there's a movie called 12 rounds with
john cena and he's trying to hold a guy
up and he can't he can't lift him and he
falls with the elevator and the guy dies
but that's not being below it
oh this guy has gone on this whole spree
about i'm thinking of a movie where a
guy falls down an elevator shaft the
first comment says i think it's marked
for death with stephen c what steven
seagal yeah
yeah you nailed it
steven seagulls and then the link to the
scene and the guy who wrote the post
said that's it turns out it wasn't an
elevator shot what
that's somehow more disappointing than
my resolution of clicking the video link
and being told video content from fox
has blocked it on copyright ground yeah
not available so i can't see either wait
yeah
screwface crucifixion what does that
mean
is that what the video is called already
clicked away doesn't sound like a good
time i don't think
yeah i can think of so many ways in
which people have died in elevators that
aren't related to being below it i got
someone falling down a shaft i got final
destination two getting your head cut
off in the elevator can't think anything
below it i would say it's rarer than a
person impersonating a character they're
playing in a movie
yeah when one actor has to impersonate
another because the original one got
squashed by a lift has that never
happened to james bond that feels like a
thing that would have happened at some
point in james bond to somebody what
someone impersonated someone else yeah
no someone getting [__] crushed by a
lift
uh that's probably happened yeah i'd
assume
it exists
it's somewhere
well thank god it didn't happen on
sunday i'll tell you that
so that was what the night before
thanksgiving jeff yeah yeah well
like the worst time going into a holiday
what's your question eric uh i just i
wanted to know specifically if andrew
calls it a lift or an elevator i don't
know where british english stops and oh
it's
yeah it's definitely an elevator okay if
it was just gavin and i though i think
i'd say lyft
but is that just for my benefit yeah
just for you because i know how you like
your language i know how you speak uh
but if we're in a group we're in a group
setting i would say elevator well gavin
let me ask you a question if it was just
if it was just you and andrew you know
how he speaks would you say elevator to
make him comfortable yeah
okay that's nice
no when i'm here or it's like oh can you
take out i appreciate trash i would
never say that on my own well i'm just
glad to see it goes both ways well no no
we can't that doesn't work we're this
gen saying in a way in which we don't
normally say it to the other person
if i'm calling it a lift and you're
calling it an elevator
well then i just feel like we're both
just like what are we doing at that
point
there needs to be it can't go both ways
i'll tell you what you're doing he's
being british and you're being canadian
it's gonna be give and take both ways
no it just has to be one way or else
then what's the point of changing what
do you want to do with the heavy lifting
then um i i don't really care we can
flip a coin it just can't go both ways
it has to be only one way i think it's
the ultimate sign of respect to go both
ways i just feel like we're both just
saying things we wouldn't normally say
at that point and like what are we doing
yeah eric has a good suggestion
every time we hang out and then we'll
and that will determine who takes over
all of the uh politeness
okay i like that yeah
or what if you pick words like lift an
elevator and we flip a coin now and then
whichever way it goes that's just how we
have to use that word forever
forever that's the power whatever it's
like like in the context of any of us
hanging out
from now until perpetuity we'd have to
say elevator do you want to just do you
want to just pick one word right now and
i can flip a coin and heads you say it
one way until you see it the other way
you just pick one word can we do trash
and rubbish sure uh gavin do you want uh
trash or rubbish to be heads uh let's
put rubbish on tails
rubbish's tails trash's heads the coin
is flipping what
i don't know if i can adopt rubbish why
i just don't no one's off the table i
don't i don't think i could be a rubbish
guy
so so your uh your conciliatory nature
uh has a limit
it does and no it absolutely does
there's certain because there's another
one uh edgeways edgewise
i've never understood edgewise what does
that mean
i don't know what it means but it's it's
just i can't be a ways person i've been
a wise person too long i can't make that
change jeff i assume you're also
edgewise uh i'm edgewise uh what is that
definition with the edge uppermost or
toward the viewer
what that's the definition it's an
adverb with the edge uppermost or toward
the viewer huh i always heard like i
can't get a word in edgeways like i
can't even squeeze a word in like a
different way you say no i didn't get a
word in edgewise what does that mean
how is it what like like imagine saying
i can't get a word in sideways but you
say sidewise what does that mean
well the phrase to get a word in
edgewise means to contribute to a
conversation with difficulty because the
other speaker talks almost without a
pause well yeah that's what it that's
what edgeways means that's what edgewise
means but
but that that's what edgeways means is
what i'm saying is it just like a
miscommunication across the ocean yes i
feel like it's uh i couldn't care less i
could care less like people are just
misusing what does this say here eric
nick wrote definition of edgewise one
sideways
even the definition is ways
also uh i googled edgeways and it's not
a word it doesn't come up
it's two words
[Laughter]
edge wise is one word edge waves is two
words
this is so dumb
edge isn't in there that's not a phrase
you made it out no one on
[Music]
edge waste is what google thinks i'm
saying
i'm really glad i didn't just go with
rubbish i'm so glad
what's weird about my rubbish rules is
edgeways
edgeways it makes think about it that
makes way more sense it does
i understand what he's saying
unfortunately google doesn't
what do you mean no i don't think you
know what you're googling
i don't think you understand what you're
doing tell me what to google i don't i
don't have the answer to that either but
i don't think you know either gavin tell
me what to google why would a different
version of edgeways be sideways but
edgewise is also sideways okay just tell
me how to spell edgeways
uh e-d-g-e hyphen w-i-s-e
w-a-s damn
what
you see when i do that it comes up uh
edgeways edgewise yeah
e-d-g-e hyphen w-a-y-s
i was reading i was reading
my brain's melody i was reading what
nick wrote
what are you talking about
why what's wrong with the hyphen eric
it just uh was it i thought we were
talking about
one word is ed edge waste is edge waste
the right i don't know i'm confused now
that's what happens when you google it
but that says that's w-a-s-e
yeah edge wait no that might be what i
said when i was saying it wrong hold on
i i really i really tell
edgeways hey i i do want to say jeff
you're doing your best for this and i'm
proud of you like sideways
thanks man i really appreciate it
the issue isn't that it's it's it's too
it's two words it's not a singular word
for the expression it is he's saying
like the way in which the edge of the
thing is facing right like a knife
maybe there's no hype i don't know
maybe it's just edgeways is one word
this is a mess
i'm ex i'm googled out buddy whoa edge
cool there if you said something was
facing backwards would you say backwards
or backwise
[Laughter]
i just wanted to flip a coin all right
so trash is heads tails is brothers oh
no there's one there's one before we we
do kevin you told me everyone in europe
says says edgeways
is that a lie are you just the only
edgeways guy to what extent i feel like
everyone in england says edgeways okay
there we go now i'm back on the team you
just really have to forget the first
time i tried to spell it ignore that
that was all wrong
[Laughter]
also i wanted to point out that when i
couldn't what i couldn't uh pronounce
that name it's because it was spelt
wrong
it was stephen s e g a l and that was
what confused me
all right what else what are the
corrections a lot a lot of stuff's
confusing you lately huh yeah i don't
know why i've been to open a window or
something
tails
i saw a [__] can i think you guys got
a billboard
oh right we gotta flip the coin we still
doing that andrew can you abide by the
rules of rubbish and
okay yeah the rules of rubbish and trash
for me i would never call
garbage rubbish but i would call
somebody who's like playing poorly at a
game rup i would call someone their
trash as in rubbish what is the name of
the receptacle that you would put
rubbish in
it's tr it's a trash can
yeah in america it's a trash can but now
we'll have to call it a rubbish bin
right yeah rubbish bin so it's like a
twofold
i didn't realize garburator wasn't a
universal term that was a weird one for
me
huh garb is that not do you not is that
not a europe thing a garberator
is that like what gabo man uses
what do you think a carburetor is jeff
what do i think i think it's a i think
it's probably a garbage disposal
yeah exactly that's exactly what it is
this was the thing in the sink
garberator might be a it might be a
brand name
is it i've only ever heard it referred
to as a carburetor i called a garberator
set it to a group of people they had no
idea what i was talking about
group of people from a different country
very specific to point out this is not
uh it's a it's like it's a canadian
thing
yeah and is that a gun is that a pun-off
car
carburetor
i have no idea the origin
it could be but i don't know the
definitive origin i haven't done my
research on the history of the term
garberator but that's what we call
imagine anyway
from america okay so are you abiding by
rubbish bin
yeah he's got to uh yeah i guess i i
can't so the word so if i if i lose this
coin toss
i can never say trash in any context in
which i would normally say i'd have to
replace it with rubbish yeah and if it's
the other way you have to do the same
but reverse like for whenever you would
use the word rubbish you have to say
trash now yeah but i would i would like
to point out that you potentially
haven't listened again uh yeah okay
tails on my tails oh you called tails
okay well then it's heads and i just
want i'm looking at heads no i haven't
flipped it yet that's why i i just
shared my screen so that way we can see
it and then you don't call deception and
then it's a whole thing
lawyers involved okay well no just one
second who's the away person here who's
more i i think i'm away so i get to call
the toss what are you away from you got
you every everyone else in this place is
in the same place in the same city i'm
the furthest i'm the only one naughty
same country
yeah but you currently live flying away
i i live away
you call it you stick with tails
no you can have tails if you want okay i
i just i i feel like eric is sharing his
screen and it's a virtual coin i want a
real coin yeah i kind of want to really
i can go run and get you you want to get
a real coin all right get a real coin
please while he's doing that let me tell
you a funny billboard i saw
i'd love to hear about your money just a
very brief thing i saw i saw a billboard
yesterday on i-35 that said keep austin
weird which is you know a [__] stupid
phrase we've had for 25 years keep
austin weird like high cost of living
weird ohio
it was a billboard advertising
people advertising another state the
state of ohio is spending money on
billboards in austin trying to tell
people to leave austin to move to ohio
states are trying to poach each other
that's how you know you [__] made it
as a city when an entire state on the
other side of the country spends
thousands of dollars to try to convince
the people that live here to move there
instead that's [__] ludicrous i feel
like that's that's that's not what's
happening i think that's an austin
billboard i think they're trying to
convince people to leave
[Laughter]
it was funded by austinites who've lived
here for more than 10 years
can you imagine
could you imagine being in like like
you're just walking around london like
in i don't know shoreditch or something
and there's just a big billboard that's
like norwich give it a try
[Laughter]
okay eric has coins are we doing
multiple tosses are we doing like a best
of five on this coin toss no i think
it's one and done i just here's the
thing here's what happened i
know how you operate because we've done
81 episodes of the show so
i've chosen
one of every coin
[Laughter]
so i have
i'm going to let you choose or who you
guys come to a consensus i have a penny
i have a nickel i don't i have a dime
okay
i have a quarter four
and i have a half dollar okay you have
five so just flip all of them and we'll
do best of five what do they call the
half dollar yeah just dude flip all of
them what's that flip all of them
like how why do i have a half dollar i
don't know what do they have a special
name for it just half dollar
oh it's just this is half says half
dollar on it okay hard to see but yep uh
okay are we do are we flipping all five
and then all five and we'll take a pause
between we can reevaluate if you want to
maintain heads or tails okay do you have
a do you have a top down angle uh i can
try to do one
oh that's great
how's that yeah that works fantastic
cool okay
here's the penny we are saying
heads i'm tails
andrew's tails what does that trash is
heads
no
rubbish's heads trashes tails is that
right yes that is correct rubbish heads
trash tails rubbish's heads trash is
tails trash is tail yep
am i catching it or letting it hit the
table let it hit the table okay just
making sure
here we go
it is heads [__] oh
[__] okay rubbish has i'll
have a okay i'm gonna i'm i'm gonna hold
that's one that's one for rubbish
do i flip one trash has none so far i'm
gonna hold tails i'm gonna hold tails on
the next house i'm just going to go with
these i have
a nickel
heads tails
uh we said rubbish is heads trash is
tails we are holding
here's the flip
it is heads full oh
hell yeah
there's no way
i'm sticking with there's no way that i
lose three times in a row
it can't happen
this is gonna be a comeback of the ages
on this flip what is this a quarter you
think it's this is a dime we're doing a
dime this is the time this is the
smallest of all of the
okay coins it's sweet or something on
the back
rubbish is heads trash is tails
we are saying that is holding here we go
oh it went off
what what did it land on
out of bounds doesn't matter i i agree
it should be out of bounds and i won't i
agree but
i will not tell you
i'm not counting it no i'm locked it
you're locked in none of us are allowed
to know it's fine yep i'll tell you
afterwards okay here we go
andrew
andrew what yeah
you're not going to like this
well am i not going to like the fact
that it was tails and you flipped it
again is that what i'm not going to like
it's
flip the other two
do you want to change no no i'm going to
hold tails there's no it's got to be
tails eventually oh it's off
doesn't count does it count it's a false
the redo it's a heads
no way i swear to god
hey andrew when it fell off it landed on
heads
[__] off heads there's no way i lose
seven in a row tails
tails here it goes
up
it rolled off here we go roll
push it through yep it's landed on heads
[__] no way there's no way what did
it land on the floor on the floor
yeah
on the floor it landed on tails
there we go so we got one i had one no
you didn't get any you got nothing no
but it landed one like at least you
flipped it eight times
and i'll say this at no point was it a
sock
[Laughter]
which is still for sale in our store buy
them eleven and a half months early for
next christmas
i like that heads was open and uh you st
i'd already picked tails and then you
picked tails so i had to go heads if you
didn't
[Laughter]
listen god damn i like tail i had a good
feeling about tails talk about snatching
defeat from the claws of victory that's
the best luck i've ever had from heads
i'll be honest i'm usually a tails guy
yeah every time i was surprised i'm a
tales guy too
the worst luck what is the the nfl
hasn't the super bowl it's been the same
thing for like 18 years or whatever on
their coin toss is that heads or tails
no way that's what i should have went in
yeah it's been like the same
i don't think i'm making that up i think
for like an extended period of time it
has been the same call every time that
has won uh i'll just go back through the
last five
heads tails heads heads tails
okay i just made that
i thought that was the thing i thought
it was like a lock every year
i thought that was the thing i was wrong
about that i was clearly incorrect hey
andrew yes
when you're done with your apple where
are you gonna throw it
the rubbish
[Laughter]
i mean you can compost
that's true no i will actually i will
compost it that's right that's actually
the correct answer
why don't you uh why don't you pop one
of those cosmic crypts in your mouth and
see what's up we're doing this is the
finale we're doing the big finale i'm
gonna finally taste this cosmic crisp
this is exciting i've been waiting days
to do this i thought i did it once so i
get to relive the experience a second
time how lucky am i
here we go oh nick recorded the video
that's awesome that's awesome oh that
was a nice big crunch i heard that
it's so goofy
he's got the right one
we got the crunch
he's eating the right apple
holy [__]
he turned into donald duck
[Laughter]
don't
this is a delicious apple this is really
good
oh we may have we may have figured out
the third apple now that that's in his
top seven no this is so
wow you might have to kick one out
that's the thing i'm getting if secretly
pink lady was my number one apple i love
a pink lady i think it's a fantastic
apple for so many reasons wait wait you
bought your favorite apple and couldn't
tell you or eat it yeah well yeah
because it's it's there's like a
variation of it i love a pink lady i
thought that's how good the cosmic crisp
was i was like this is a delicious apple
but having the back to back unknowingly
originally i think the cosmic crisp
might be better than a pink lady which i
did not expect so it rains as the best
apple this might be my current favorite
apple wow wow
wow so better than a 6 out of 10 then i
think this would be a phenomenal apple
juice
good crunch
texture is fine eric while andrew's
eating do you want to talk about the
cider that you had yeah i went to a
brewery in san diego and just by
happenstance i can't escape the show so
they had cosmic crisp cider and i talked
to the bartender and they said oh yeah
it's from this one place and cosmic
crisp is like this is like the best one
they do and it's really made with cosmic
crisp apples and i had it and it tasted
like
cos i gave it a 6 out of 10. i mean it
tasted like the cosmic crisp was the
bartender peter stormer no unfortunately
you did say that it became a six and a
half out of ten after you were done
when i was done it went up about half a
point i did i did enjoy it it's just
it wasn't so sugary which was nice but
also it's a cider so it's kind of like
you know how much do you really want to
drink of those that's gonna help me out
i i gotta
i'm going to upgrade my rank from before
this is better from an eight this is
better than an eight
wow
i'm giving this apple a 9.2 oh
this is a good app i feel like we did
not eat the same apple oh my god this is
okay 9.2 it's better than a honeycrisp
i think it's better than a pink lady
which was my previous i think this might
be my favorite apple
wow
that's bold
this is wow so you ate your two favorite
apples in the same podcast yeah i'm
gonna continue eat i'm just gonna finish
both of these let me well let me
actually that's a great point i'm gonna
take a bite of the pink lady now
oh [__] i don't know
he's got terrible apple memory
no it's
this is like an apple goldfish
this is also really good apple
hmm
[Laughter]
i don't
this might this might be this is this
genuinely might be the lebron james
versus michael jordan of apples is what
we're having right now these are two
all-time greats i don't know how to
measure them it's tough they both have
different things you know what
i think we're gonna solve this in a year
from next week
if the cosmic crisp holds for one whole
year in a fridge i think it's undeniably
the greatest eric wrote did you mix them
up and bite cosmic chris yeah
how are we to be
i'm i'm making sure i'm looking at the
stickers on both what's the sticker
what's the cosmic crisp sticker i just i
just peeled it off
oh my god
it's somewhere in one sec where did i
put it did you have bad glue from your
sticker
no uh yeah i did actually i kind of
noticed when i peeled it i gotta work on
that
yeah put the sticker i just literally
peeled it off after you know i was
thinking about what i found
i got it
three five oh seven
three five seven seven oh different
batch different batch
interesting
uh
you know what i was thinking we were
talking about last week uh
or at some point in the past
inventing our own apple yeah and then
and then some scientist uh comment lever
really dissuaded me from it it sounded
complicated but i but then i i just had
an idea i was thinking about this
earlier today actually i almost ate an
apple i almost ate a red delicious that
was in my kitchen and then i was like
yeah i don't want to and you know what
turned me away
i realized i don't like the apple skin
we can that's the only thing that keeps
me from an apple oh i use my thought
for those of us who don't like the skin
i can't be the only one for those of us
who don't like an apple skin i would
someone should invent maybe it's us a
skinless apple that grows that way you
mean or rots on the tree
well it wouldn't last a year but
hear me i got an innovative idea as well
what if we invented a product that could
peel an apple
what about that well i think that
probably if you could run it through
and just you've never used one
who's what the apple peeler
who are you talking to
well you're saying it to invent
something but it already exists yeah
that was the [__] i was being
sarcastic
you pile of rubbish you gotta work on
you gotta i you you you gotta work on
sarcasm what you don't think i [__]
know what an apple peeler is the apple
you think the apple guy doesn't know
what an apple peeler is what it doesn't
it didn't sound like sarcasm
i was being facetious you've got
outraged down pat but sarcasm i'm gonna
give you honestly two out of ten so jeff
you're on my side with like whether or
not that was real yeah no no for sure
what i give them a two out of ten on the
sarcasm scale what do you think how do i
can i run it can i retry it can i
retrieve it i thought it was such a
waste statement like it was so obviously
false i i mean
i i guess i could kind of see that so
i'll give it a two but really it was
just like i just thought you didn't know
what an apple peeler was okay well let
me how do i hmm
maybe it was just really good sarcasm
let me yeah well i just kind of drive
how do i
it's drier than a pink lady all right
take two
so what about this nah that didn't
sounded genuine that's not i don't know
do i not know how to be sarcastic
how do i be circular
no okay so what about this
[Laughter]
what if
i don't
somebody else say it sarcastically and
then i can copy that well jeff's the
king of sarcasm go for it
[Laughter]
[Music]
well i don't
apple peeler
[Laughter]
that was so [__] great oh i can't
believe that happened
that was funny
so
things we learned today uh the po
face podcast now is officially a rubbish
podcast
we no longer say the t word
the t word
the t word has been stricken from the
record
uh we know that cosmic crisp canadian
cosmic crips chris i can't say chris
canadian cosmic crips are uh 9.2 on the
10 scale and uh canadian humans are a
two point uh two even on the sarcasm
scale
thank you for listening to another
episode of the face podcast you wasted
your time but you did it with us we'll
see you next week hey guys miner league
fan jack with a look at next week's
episode the gang talks the mummy andrew
has a sushi disaster gavin makes a
friend on a plane jeff discusses
celebrity cheese panton is a marshmallow
roasting genius the guys seal up their
cosmic crisps and once again andrew does
not eat the pencil all that and more on
next week's episode of face
you